docs: add warns about hosts public IP addresses (#493)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/networking/networking.md

Even if one NIC can be enough for your host, having a dedicated NIC for storage will be really important to get consistent performances (especially if you use shared storage like iSCSI or NFS).
:::

:::danger

> XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** be configured with a public IP address on their management network. Management interfaces must only be reachable from trusted private networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCP-ng hosts **MUST NOT** have a public IP address assigned to their management network. Management interfaces must only be accessible from trusted private networks.
```

> Exposing hosts to the Internet allows anyone to reach services that were designed for intra-pool communication only. This is even more important when using XOSTOR: see the related warning in the [XOSTOR documentation](../xostor/#how-does-it-work).

Reviewer: It's hard to phrase the first sentence in a nice way, that conveys the accurate information without diving too much into details nor giving a false sense that XAPI is completely open to anyone (which it isn't, there's authentication and TLS). So what I had in mind was to go directly to the XOSTOR-specific warning here.

```suggestion
This is even more important when using XOSTOR: see the related warning in the [XOSTOR documentation](../xostor/#how-does-it-work).
```

> Exposing hosts to the Internet allows anyone to reach services that were designed for intra-pool communication only. On pools using [XOSTOR](../../xostor/), LINSTOR satellites listen on TCP port 3366 and bind to the XAPI management interface by default. An external party could initiate connections to pool satellites and register a rogue LINSTOR controller, blocking all legitimate LINSTOR commands and disrupting storage operations. A vulnerability in the LINSTOR satellite or related services would be significantly worse in this configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Exposing hosts to the Internet allows anyone to reach services that were designed for intra-pool communication only. On pools using [XOSTOR](../../xostor/), LINSTOR satellites listen by default on TCP port 3366 without SSL/TLS certificate and bind to the XAPI management interface. An external party could initiate connections to pool satellites and register a rogue LINSTOR controller, blocking all legitimate LINSTOR commands and disrupting storage operations. A vulnerability in the LINSTOR satellite or related services would be significantly worse in this configuration.
```

Reviewer 3: If we're talking about security alone, I think we can just add "without TLS" (without the "certificate" part).

Reviewer 2: A certificate implies identification, IMHO its good to have it here.

Reviewer 3: I'd argue TLS alone implies authentication, as it is one of its primary goals.

Reviewer 2: Why not both? :p

Reviewer 3: Because you can have authenticated TLS without certs, using e.g. a pre-shared key - although indeed the dominant way of setting up TLS (and what we'd want to support) is with certs :)

Reviewer 2: I wasn't expecting a literal answer (context: https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/why-not-both-why-dont-we-have-both). :sweat_smile:

Regarding the exact wording, I’m somewhat influenced by LINSTOR Witness (+ access outside XCP-ng) and the usage of certs or not. But I don’t have a really strong opinion on the best phrasing. Perhaps you have a suggestion @stormi here.

Reviewer 3: I got baited lmao. Anyway, no strong opinions from me either, I think both are fine!

> Exposing hosts to the Internet allows anyone to reach services that were designed for intra-pool communication only. On pools using [XOSTOR](../../xostor/), LINSTOR satellites listen on TCP port 3366 and bind to the XAPI management interface by default. An external party could initiate connections to pool satellites and register a rogue LINSTOR controller, blocking all legitimate LINSTOR commands and disrupting storage operations. A vulnerability in the LINSTOR satellite or related services would be significantly worse in this configuration.

Reviewer 3: > A vulnerability in the LINSTOR satellite or related services would be significantly worse in this configuration.

What could happen? A XCP-ng pool takeover from an external actor for example? (I think this is worth mentioning in the doc to clearly set expectations)

> Exposing hosts to the Internet allows anyone to reach services that were designed for intra-pool communication only. On pools using [XOSTOR](../../xostor/), LINSTOR satellites listen by default on TCP port 3366 without SSL/TLS certificate and bind to the XAPI management interface by default. An external party could initiate connections to pool satellites and register a rogue LINSTOR controller, blocking all legitimate LINSTOR commands and disrupting storage operations. If a vulnerability exists in the LINSTOR satellite or related services, a remote attacker could exploit it to compromise the control domain on pool hosts and take control of the entire XCP-ng pool (VMs, storage, and management).

Reviewer: I know we want people to see the warning, but I think that here it's too much information on the networking page. Just say "This is even more important when using XOSTOR: [see the related warning in the XOSTOR documentation](link)."
